The dictionary of goods, receipt your quick reference guide to key terms in
action before we finish. Let's make sure these key terms are locked in your
memory term. What it is, what it does. Think of it as requestor, you
are the start of the digital handshake. The one who says I received it
truck icon, the big button. You push in Cooper to begin the receiving workflow
material document, the official proof of receipt generated in sap starts with
500 void. Consumption that undo with a traceable line fixing a mistake while
keeping a record integration, the five men at heartbeat that synchronizes data
between the two systems. Can you quickly explain each of these terms in your
own words or even with a hand gesture, that shows what it means?